---
date: 2026-06-01
title: "Welcome"
description: "Welcome to my devlog site! For my first blog post, I wanted to include a brief introduction to myself as well as what the hell this whole site is about."
categories: journal
tags: [misc]
assets_dir: /assets/posts/2026-06-01-welcome/
---

Welcome to my devlog site!
For my first blog post, I wanted to include a brief introduction to myself as well as what the hell this whole site is about.

First, my name is Conor Damery. I've been writing code since I was 13 years old, and I started with very humble beginnings.
When I started learning to code, resources online were very limited, and I often found it very daunting to write a piece of code. You could say that for me it was akin to magic—or rather, dark magic.

Well, more than a decade later, that dark magic has faded away, and now I'm more of a wizard, writing code as my bread and butter. However, for many people, the dark magic is still real, and I hope to shine a bit of light on some more "obscure" topics that people with a basic understanding of game engines might eventually encounter.

Okay, let me pause here for a second because this is important: my devlogs are not meant to teach the very basics of coding or game engines (although perhaps every once in a blue moon). These devlogs are tailored to more in-depth topics you would encounter when working on an engine, and therefore I do not, per se, recommend diving into this site if you are still struggling with the basics. Having said that, if you're up for the challenge or simply want to get your feet wet with advanced topics, by all means, browse away.

Alright, back to the plan for the devlogs. The first series I want to explore is about this little open-source handheld I got my hands on. It's called the R36S.

{% include figure.html url="r36s.jpg" alt="R36S Handheld" caption="The R36S open-source handheld" %}

This little device packs a punch for its price range and specs. Now, to be clear, it won't be running any AAA titles. But by being diligent and using the right optimizations, I expect it to at least run PSP-quality games (as of now, I've yet to see that happen!).

Alright, so that's pretty much it for this post. I want to keep it short so we can get into the next post, which will actually be about starting to write some code for it—or at least coming up with a plan for what to start coding. I hope to see you all in the next posts!